Enhance DD_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN description with JSON support (#36515)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/guide/agent_configuration.md

|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_API_KEY`                   | The environment variable with your Datadog API key, in plaintext. **One** key environment variable is required. See [serverless CLI environment variables][7].                                                                                              |
| `DD_KMS_API_KEY`               | The environment variable with your Datadog API key, using KMS. **One** key environment variable is required. See [serverless CLI environment variables][7].                                                                        |

> | `DD_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN`        | The environment variable with your Datadog API key, using an AWS Secrets Manager secret. **One** key environment variable is required. Starting v96, we can now extract the API key from a JSON-formatted Secrets Manager secret. If the secret value is a JSON object containing the field `dd_api_key` (hardcoded, not configurable), its value is used as the API key; otherwise the raw secret string is used as before. See [serverless CLI environment variables][7].                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN`        | The environment variable with your Datadog API key, using an AWS Secrets Manager secret. **One** key environment variable is required. Starting with version 96, you can extract the API key from a JSON-formatted Secrets Manager secret. If the secret value is a JSON object containing the field `dd_api_key` (hardcoded, not configurable), its value is used as the API key; otherwise the raw secret string is used as the API key. See [Serverless CLI environment variables][7].                                                                           |
```
